When configure this program, if the user want this program to execute commands in a .txt file, the
user can add -file theScriptFile.txt to the arguments. When the program runs, if the program
receives valid commands line, the program will execute all commands in the .txt file and quit. If
the program don't receive any command lines. It will allow interactive entry of script commands
which means that the user can type commands by themselves.

This program will accept these following scripts commands:

1.load image-path image-name (To load a image from the given path)
#This command should be the first command to type before all commands below except "q". The user can
quit this program at any time, but the program cannot execute the following commands before loading
an Image

2.save image-path image-name (To save a image to the given path)
3.red-component image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new red grey scaled image and give it a new name)
4.green-component image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new green grey scaled image and give it a new name)
5.blue-component image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new blue grey scaled image and give it a new name)
6.luma-component image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new luma grey scaled image and give it a new name)
7.value-component image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new value grey scaled image and give it a new name)
8.intensity-component image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new intensity grey scaled image and give it a new name)
9.horizontal-flip image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new horizontal-flip  image and give it a new name)
10.vertical-flip image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new vertical-flip  image and give it a new name)
11.brighten increment image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new brightened image with the given increment and give it a new name)
12.darken decrement image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new darkened image with the given decrement and give it a new name)
13.blur image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new blurred image and give it a new name)
14.sharpen image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new sharpened image and give it a new name)
15.greyscale image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new greyscale image and give it a new name)
16.sepia image-name dest-image-name
(To create a new sepia image and give it a new name)
17.q (quit the program)
When the commands are executed successfully, an reminder will occur in the console.
When the commands are failed to execute, the program will prompt that execution failed.
When the user quit this program, this program will be quited.

//Update Nov.22 2022
The image processing program now support 3 mode, -file, -text, and GUI mode.
If the user want the program to use execute commands in a file they can use the program as
instruction above. If the user want to use the interactive mode in this program, the user
can type in -text when configure it. If the program receive nothing in the arguments of
configuration, the program will open the graphical user interface.

GUI:
1. Load Button: choose a image to load in the program, and the loading image will be showed in the
 center of the GUI. The image which pops up in the GUI is the image being worked now. And the
 Image Histograms will be showed on the right side of the GUI.
2. Save Button: when the user want to save an image to somewhere, first the user should type in the
name of the image with extension in the box on the right side of the save button. And then click the
save button to select a folder to save the image with the given name.
3. Quit Button: quit the program
4. Operations: The GUI supports these following operations:
Brighten Button(must insert the increment for brightening first)
Darken Button(must insert the decrement for darkening first)
GreyScale Button
Sepia Button
Blur Button
Sharpen Button
Red GreyScale Button
Green GreyScale Button
Green GreyScale Button
Max Value GreyScale Button
Intensity GreyScale Button
Luma GreyScale Button
Horizontal Flip Button
Vertical Flip Button

When the user click these buttons, the program will do the corresponding commands to the image
being worked. The new image will pop up in the center of the GUI and and the histograms on the
right side will also change.

